hey guys Louis with hike now work laters
my first video I'm bringing to you and
I'm bringing you the go light emoji
annual three overview today this is not
going to be review I'm just gonna go
over this tent and really see what it's
all about also be doing some small
comparisons between this and my current
go-to thin person tent which is a Fly
Creek and well 3 by Big Agnes hopefully
I'll bore you too much because I really
like details and information but this
just a short video let's get this out
there and set them up the rain fly is
made of a very thin ripstop nylon seems
pretty stretched and strong to see
there's little bit wrinkles a little
tighten the whole thing together the
whole post set up is about three points
it's two double hoops and one central
spine that protrudes out a little bit
you need to run the inner tent know to
have this clipped in at this point I
don't think you can run as a class Y
option unfortunately the back end is 60
inches wide so it should accommodate for
three twenty inch pads the length is
about 87 inches long in the interior and
66 inches wide by the door so it's a bit
smaller than the flight creek you need
to lose a couple inches it is 44 inches
in Headroom or height so it is taller
than the pykrete flight crickets some
flurries he has a much larger vegetable
and squirt top so you have more Headroom
altogether now they do have this really
cool colossal vent system by don't see
very often I can see a lot of guys
modifying this eventually as for their
wood-burning stoves for smoke stacks or
something like that probably adds a
little bit of weight to the tent but
it's actually still pretty cool I don't
think I'll ever use it but most of them
a let's get into the connecting points
where everything comes together they use
a ball joint to set up very typical of
us seeing these on North Face ups where
everything connects into this one
plastic base everything clips in here
took me a while to get used to it
because eclipses are actually pretty
tight I'm more used to the Kelty or Big
Agnes
style setups words the poles just run
straight through
the vegetables are triangular shape it's
36 inches long so it's much smaller or
it's in length it's similar to the Big
Agnes but it is a triangle shape so you
do lose a lot of space the probably fit
some packs in here maybe two or three
comfortably I don't know put anything
else in there but adequate for this case
since you're sacrificing space for
weight here the tent interior is made of
some no-see-um mesh and ripstop nylon
the DAC poles will hold the tent
together actually span from the front
protruding past the door and through the
center of the hole 10 gives you about 44
inches of headroom also gives you a
little overhang on each end protecting
you from rain you don't get the box
shape the top that you would in the flag
wreath but you still get a good amount
of headroom in the center of the tent
the interior of the tent is seam sealed
with seam sealant tape and does have
some good storage space for pockets in
front of the doors the tub is high so
you don't have to worry about rain
getting into your tent if you're stuck
in some heavy rain and all right
otherwise you know there's really
nothing wrong with interior it really
reminds me of the flight with you some
quick final thoughts I really think this
tent is worth the money at this points
to $90 plus $35 you usually can't get
them on sale office a lot of flexibility
in terms of weight you could swap things
out make it even lighter I will be
taking this on the trail sometime
hopefully this month doing an extended
review on this maybe get some more time
in the shelter and report back to you
guys
alright that's it for now stay safe on
the trails you guys have any questions
or comments definitely either message me
or leave a comment below and I'll get
back to you thanks every day